c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\obj\Debug\CCJS-Scratch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\CodeCamper.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\CodeCamper.pdb
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\obj\Debug\CodeCamper.dll
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\obj\Debug\CodeCamper.pdb
c:\users\skhan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CCJS-Scratch\CCJS-Scratch\bin\WebActivator.dll
